# ICV-Net
This repository contains the space satellite target dataset and the point target simulation dataset used in the ICV-Net experiments.

The complete dataset will be released upon the formal acceptance of the corresponding paper.

# Abstract
Inverse synthetic aperture radar (ISAR) is a powerful tool for space target recognition, benefiting from its capacity for high-resolution imaging at long range. However, ISAR image quality is usually affected by strong scattering point sidelobes, variations in scattering response, defocusing, and blurred target structures, all of which limit the recognition performance of ISAR systems. Moreover, ISAR image deformations caused by varying observation conditions of space targets further increase the recognition difficulty. To tackle these issues, this article proposes an integrated complex-valued network (ICV-Net) for scattering feature enhancement ISAR imaging and high-precision space target recognition. Through a unified complex domain processing chain, ICV-Net preserves phase information and fundamentally avoids the information loss caused by separate processing of imaging and recognition. The ICV-Net consists of two key modules: complex-valued scattering feature enhancement imaging (CV-SFEI) and complex-valued robust multiscale transformer recognition (CV-RMTR). The CV-SFEI module employs an attention-augmented complex-valued encoder-decoder network to reconstruct amplitude and phase. It adaptively focusing on key scattering regions while suppressing defocusing and sidelobes, thereby generating structurally enhanced high-quality ISAR images. Given the continuous observation characteristics of ISAR systems, the CV-RMTR module first performs robust deformation correction on the enhanced image sequence via complex-valued spatial transformation (CV-ST). Subsequently, it employs multiscale transformers to extract complementary inter‑frame features, achieving the collaborative optimization of deformation correction and feature extraction. Finally, by adopting a two-stage training strategy based on transfer learning, ICV-Net achieves deep collaboration and integrated optimization between the imaging and recognition modules. Experimental results on satellite target datasets covering multiple imaging parameters and observation angles demonstrate that ICV-Net significantly improves ISAR imaging quality and further enhances target recognition accuracy under various image deformation scenarios.
